flying the flag for a ceasefire this is
the Pakistani Capital Islamabad where
vast numbers filled the streets as
Israel expands its assault on Gaza a
passionate cry for world leaders to help
end the
violence we have come to appeal to our
government and to wake our government up
wake up wake up and go stand beside them
the Palestinians are our
brothers an overwhel ing majority of
Nations backed the recent UN resolution
calling for a sustained humanitarian
truce but many of Israel's Western
allies didn't Australia abstained from
that vote to the anger and disbelief of
many here in Sydney it's anyone that has
any kind of
morality any kind of humanity would
definitely be standing with that kind of
uh cause many Jews Like Me reject what
zionists are doing in now name we we
reject the genocide that is on it
continuing in Palestine and and the the
cryy is quite
unbelievable in Europe Spain is one of
only eight EU countries supporting a
complete ceasefire and in the capital
Madrid a sense of frustration at the
lack of a European consensus on ending
the
Bloodshed it's a shame what's happening
to the Palestinian people and that the
whole of Europe some European
governments are even supporting it I
think that we citizens should take to
the streets and mobilize so that at
least there's a
ceas in Germany a 3-we ban on rallies
and flags has been lifted allowing
members of one of the largest
Palestinian communities in Europe to
gather in anger and grief in the past
few weeks Millions have marched in
multiple cities around the
world the cries for peace growing ever
more desperate NE Barker Al jaer